[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
There, they found themselves
facing the New Fishman Pirates,
who were looking to destroy
the Ryugu Kingdom,
and instigated an all-out war.
After a long and
grueling battle,
Luffy finally defeated Hordy,
the captain of the
New Fishman Pirates,
thwarting their
plan for revenge.
[LUFFY] All right,
New World, here we come!
It's time to set sail!
I hope you and I can take
another stroll together, Luffy.
[SHIRAHOSHI] I want to visit a
real forest, on the surface!
Sure. Let's do it!
I'll take you there
first chance I get!
[ALL]
We won't let you down!
Who knows what's waiting
for us up there!
That's the greatest
sea in the world!
All right!
Let's go!
The New World's waiting!
[LUFFY] "To the New World!
Heading for the Ultimate Sea!"
[NARRATOR]
After leaving Fishman Island,
the Straw Hat Pirates are making
their ascent into the New World,
the second half
of the Grand Line.
Smooth sailing so far.
Yeah, almost too smooth.
Dude, I'm getting hungry.
You've tied enough
knots already!
Hold your horses, Luffy.
I'm almost done, okay?
[NAMI humming]
[NAMI sighs]
This feels great.
It's a technique
called Shower Tempo.
You wanna try it, too?
[CHOPPER] Nah. It does
look neat, but I'm okay.
I brushed my fur two days ago.
What would be really cool
is if I could take a bite
of that fluffy cotton
candy you got there!
[NAMI]
That's a cloud, silly.
[CHOPPER]
Aw, man!
But it looks so sweet and yummy!
[BROOK] Oh my, it seems there's
something sweet and yummy
in the bathroom!
[SANJI] Doesn't get any
more yummy than that!
[BROOK gasping]
[SANJI] That's great, Nami,
now let's see the other side.
[BROOK giggles]
[NAMI]
Chopper? You might wanna move.
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
[BROOK, SANJI scream]
[CHOPPER]
Yikes!
And to think I wanted
to eat that thing!
[NAMI sighs]
Perfect.
My first bath on the
Sunny in two years!
And it's even more luxurious
with this gorgeous
underwater view.
This really is the life!
[CHOPPER] Don't they need you
on the deck to navigate?
They can take care of
things themselves
as long as I go back up before
we get to an upward current.
I might as well take my time.
They can handle a
sea monster or two.
Come on, Usopp, hurry!
Just gimme one more minute.
If we're gonna catch a big one,
then the rope's gotta
be extra strong!
Okay, this oughtta do
the trick. [chuckles]
What do you think?
Ta-dah!
[LUFFY giggles]
Ooh!
Oh my. What's all this?
[LUFFY giggles] I was so
excited to see Fishman Island
on the way down,
I forgot to catch some fish!
I bet we can nab something
totally crazy down here!
And then Sanji can
cook it up on the spot!
As long as it pairs well
with cola, count me in!
Seafood dinner, huh? I like it.
But if we're gonna celebrate
our trip to the New World,
then I want some booze, too.
Now, which one of these
looks the tastiest?
Let's pick something
really juicy!
[ZORO] That one would be
good fried with some salt.
Fried fish with salt,
huh? My favorite!
[USOPP] Or we could slice up
that skinny one and grill it!
That works, too! [giggles]
Ooh! How 'bout that one?
It's nice and fat. Let's filet
it and drown it in mayo!
Huh? This guy?
[USOPP, ZORO]
Luffy. You'll eat anything.
That creepy thing'll taste like
crap no matter how you cook it.
You think so?
Eh, meat is meat to me! [laughs]
Second Gear!
I could eat on that
thing for a whole week
and still not get full!
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Jet Pistol!
[USOPP]
Ugh, now it's even uglier!
You sure the Sunny can carry it?
Let's find out!
Hurry and catch it!
Special Attack. Capture Star!
[USOPP]
Hooked him!
[LUFFY]
Deep sea dinner!
Oh man, I can't
wait to taste it!
That nose. It doesn't
even look like a fish.
More like a gross old man.
[LUFFY]
Kinda.
[gasps]
[USOPP gasps]
That's the end of that!
[BOTH gasp]
[USOPP]
Agh! Wow, this is nuts!
Our dinner became dinner,
became dinner!
[LUFFY]
Even better! Let's reel it in!
[USOPP]
Does that thing look like
it'll fit on the deck, Luffy?
[ZORO] Damn it, you're gonna
flip the Sunny upside down!
Hey, you think something's up?
The ship's all wobbly and Luffy
and Usopp are screaming.
I swear, I can't leave those
idiots alone for ten minutes.
[ZORO] One-Sword Style,
360-Caliber Phoenix!
[LUFFY]
Nice one, Zoro!
[SANJI]
What's all the noise about?
Hey look, Sanji.
We just caught a fish!
Yeah, I see that.
Good job, guys.
Can't say I've ever
cooked anything that big.
This should be fun.
What the--?
Looks like you got cooked.
[BROOK chuckles]
[LUFFY] And I haven't even
told you the best part!
There's a giant
fish inside of it
with a giant fish inside of it!
[USOPP] I'm more concerned
about the ship, actually.
It kinda feels like
we might be sinking.
[LUFFY]
Nah, we're fine.
[gasps] What's that
thing over there?
Huh?
It can't be.
[gasping] It's some
kinda sea snake!
[LUFFY laughs]
[LUFFY] Awesome! Get closer,
we can eat that, too!
[USOPP] I think we've
got more than enough!
[ROBIN]
Wait. I know what that is.
Huh?
[ROBIN]
That's Whitestrom!
It's a massive whirlpool
that appears suddenly
in the deep sea,
like a liquid sea monster!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Wow, that looks pretty crazy!
[USOPP] I don't understand
what that thing is,
but I know I don't like it!
[NAMI]
What have they done now?
[NAMI gasps]
Oh, no!
That must be the Whitestrom!
[ROBIN] They say that whenever
a ship gets caught inside it,
it'll be found
somewhere far away,
usually without its crew.
[gasps] I know what that means.
They all died somewhere at sea!
We have to go!
It's way too dangerous!
So they ended up somewhere
totally different, huh?
Cool.
I say we jump in
and see where we go!
I don't think so!
Hurry!
We have to get away from
the whirlpool right now!
Okay! You heard the navigator!
It's change our course or die!
[screams] Is that a giant fish?!
Uh-huh! Plus two more!
[NAMI]
How stupid are you?
We'll never be able
to move upward
if we're pulling
that huge thing!
Great, now it's caught
in the whirlpool!
Hurry! We can't lose the food!
[SANJI, USOPP, ZORO]
Yeah!
Forget it! We're letting it go!
[ALL]
No! What about our dinner?
Well if you get us all killed,
we'll never eat dinner again!
I can't believe you got
into this much trouble
in the ten minutes
I left you alone!
What is wrong with you?
Franky! Use your Coup de Burst!
Sorry, but it's super too
late for that now. Heh.
[NAMI]
Don't laugh at your own joke!
[USOPP gasps]
Crap, we are so dead!
[BROOK laughs]
Join the club!
[laughs] Here goes!
[NAMI]
Oh no, it's too late!
[CHOPPER]
I don't wanna die!
[LUFFY]
Just hold on tight, guys!
[laughs] This is awesome!
[FRANKY]
We're super screwed!
Even the Sunny can't survive
a crazy whirlpool like this!
[NAMI]
All because of your damn fish!
[CHOPPER]
I think I'm gonna puke.
[ZORO grunting]
[SANJI groaning]
Robin, surely you must know
a way out of this nightmare!
Unfortunately,
there are no records
of anyone escaping
from the Whitestrom.
Of course, that's because--
Yeah, we know,
everybody's dead! [screams]
I was sure we'd at least get to
the New World before we die,
but here we are!
[panting]
I-It's over now.
[LUFFY]
Looks like the Sunny's okay.
We hit something
and bounced out.
Guess it's our lucky day.
[USOPP]
Yeah, we're still alive!
[CHOPPER]
But where are we?
Wait a sec. What's
this big black wall?
I'm not sure, but it doesn't
appear to be the Red Line.
[ROBIN, USOPP]
Hm?
[BOTH scream]
It's a ghost!
Check it out. An eyeball!
[CHOPPER, USOPP, BROOK, NAMI]
It's gonna eat us!
A monster!
[BROOK, USOPP scream]
[CHOPPER screams]
What is that thing?
[SANJI gasps]
[gasps]
[FRANKY]
I think it's leaving!
[ALL gasp]
There's a fin.
Oh, I see.
[sings]
That sounds like singing!
I think it's a...
[LUFFY gasping]
[STRAW HATS scream]
No way.
A whole family of whales!
Hey! Look at those scars!
[LUFFY]
Tell ya what.
After me and my friends
travel the Grand Line,
we'll come back
here and find ya.
[LABOON sings]
Laboon?!
[BROOK gasping]
[sings]
[YORKI] You have to wait for us
here and mind Crocus, Laboon.
Don't worry, we'll be back!
I promise!
[BROOK gasps]
Oh, Laboon!
Look at how much you've grown!
Come on! That's not Laboon.
He's supposed to be in
the first half of the
Grand Line, remember?
That whale's way
too big to fit through
the hole in the Red Line, see?
Amazing!
They're Island Whales.
Seeing an entire pod
is extraordinary rare.
That's weird, some of them
have scars on their faces
that look exactly like
the ones Laboon had.
Uh-huh! I noticed that, too!
I can't believe it!
Laboon's really not here?
♪ Gather up all of the crew,
♪ it's time to ship
out Binks's Brew! ♪
Laboon! Don't go!
Please listen to me!
It's me, Brook,
from the Rumbar Pirates!
I'm your old friend!
Easy, Brook, you gotta
snap out of it, buddy!
That's not the same whale, okay?
Wait, Laboon!
Hey, we didn't come here
for whale-watching!
We just escaped from
a dangerous whirlpool!
I'm gonna call roll
to make sure everybody's
safe and accounted for!
Okay?
--Where's Nami?
--Here.
What about Robin?
Over here.
[SANJI]
Good. Now let's get out of here.
We don't want those whales
crashing into the Sunny.
We'll have to be careful!
Didn't you forget somebody?
Hey, Sanji! Not that you care,
but the other six crew members
are still alive, too!
What's the plan, Nami?
Let's not do anything.
All right, the lady says
not to do anything for now!
Feel free to go back
to whale-watching!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
What is wrong with you?
[NAMI] Those whales are so big,
they're creating a current.
It's not safe to go against it.
We'll go the same way as them!
Let's catch a ride on their
current. Tighten the sails!
[STRAW HATS]
Okay!
[sings]
Wait a moment, didn't Laboon
come from this part of the sea?
Perhaps you might be
Laboon's relatives!
[ROBIN]
Brook, be careful!
[BROOK] Are any of you
looking for a calf
who was lost 50 years ago?
Well, he's still alive!
He's living happily on the
other side of the world!
Don't worry!
According to my friend Luffy,
Laboon's gotten a lot bigger
since the last time we met!
So there's no need
to be concerned!
He wouldn't want that!
[FRANKY grunting]
[NAMI]
Catch the stream!
[LUFFY grunts]
Whew, we're safe now.
We might as well let the
whales help us for a while.
[CHOPPER]
That's convenient.
Oh, hey. Brook's gonna sing.
[OTHERS]
Huh?
[BROOK] ♪ Yo, ho, ho, ho,
yo, ho, ho, ho. ♪
♪ Yo, ho, ho, ho,
♪ yo, ho, ho, ho.
yo, ho, ho, ho. ♪
♪ Gather up all of the crew,
♪ it's time to ship
out Binks's Brew! ♪
♪ Sea wind blows,
to where, who knows, ♪
♪ the waves will be our guide
♪ O'er across
the ocean's tide, ♪
♪ rays of sunshine
far and wide, ♪
♪ birds they sing of cheerful
things in circles passing by ♪
♪ Bid farewell
to weaver's town, ♪
♪ say so long to port renowned
♪ Sing a song, it won't be long,
before we're casting off ♪
♪ Cross the gold
and silver seas, ♪
♪ a salty spray
puts us at ease ♪
♪ Day and night, to our delight,
the voyage never ends ♪
♪ Gather up all of the crew,
♪ it's time to ship
out Binks's Brew! ♪
♪ Pirates we, eternally,
are challenging the sea ♪
♪ With the waves
to rest our heads, ♪
♪ ship beneath us as our beds
♪ Hoisted high upon the mast,
our jolly roger flies ♪
♪ Somewhere in the endless sky,
stormy winds are blowing by... ♪
Look! He's giving
us a ride, cool!
How about that? They're
heading upward, too.
Now this is what I call
traveling in style!
[BROOK] ♪ ...pound your feet
and clap your hands ♪
♪ till sunny days return
♪ Yo, ho, ho, ho,
yo, ho, ho, ho. ♪
♪ yo, ho, ho, ho.
♪ Yo, ho, ho, ho,
yo, ho, ho, ho. ♪
♪ yo, ho, ho, ho.
Here comes the New World,
the final sea on the Grand Line.
We're almost there, guys!
Sure took long enough!
[LUFFY gasps]
[ROBIN]
Uh, Luffy?
[LUFFY giggles]
Hey.
[LUFFY]
That's it!
We've come so far.
[LUFFY chuckles]
Ready crew?
Count down with me!
[STRAW HATS]
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six,
five, four, three, two, one!
[WHALES singing]
[LUFFY]
We made it!
[STRAW HATS]
The New World!
[LUFFY]
Finally!
[FRANKY]
We did it, everybody!
[USOPP] Let's not get
ahead of ourselves.
[USOPP, CHOPPER scream]
Whoa. They saved us!
Don't worry! As soon
as we find Laboon,
we'll be sure to let him know
where the rest of you are!
It was an honor
to meet his family!
Please take care, all of you!
Thanks for your help!
See you again sometime!
[USOPP]
I've heard stories about it,
but I never imagined
it would be like this.
Turns out the first danger we
have to face in the New World...
...is really bad weather!
Ha! Look at that lightning!
The winds are raging!
Yeah, the water's rough, too!
The needle's going crazy!
I see some ships over there!
Probably pirates having a party.
No way, it's a
group of warships.
Sounds like a party to me!
[STRAW HATS]
Huh? The Navy?
[NARRATOR]
The Straw Hats surface
in the New World at last,
but are met with a series of
bizarre and dangerous
weather conditions.
Soon, they encounter
a young girl
small enough to
fit in their hand
and fierce enough to
challenge the entire crew.
Tempted by the promise of food,
they agree to help her
with a rescue operation
that sends them
hurtling head-first
into a fight with the Navy.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Z's Ambition!
Lily the Little Giant!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!